[Event Hubs] Sample updates for the Buffered Producer (#25388)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/samples/Sample04_PublishingEvents.md

## Client types

Event publishing is the responsibility of an event producer.  The client library offers two producers, the `EventHubProducerClient` and `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`, each tailored to a unique pattern of use, but applicable to the same application scenarios.  This sample will include code snippets for both types, unless the concept is not applicable to one.  More information about the available event producers can be found in [Sample02_EventHubsClients](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/samples/Sample02_EventHubsClients.md).

Each of the event producer client types are safe to cache and use for the lifetime of an application, which is best practice when the events are published regularly or semi-regularly. The event producers are responsible for efficient resource management, adapting to periods of inactivity and higher use automatically.  Calling either the `CloseAsync` or `DisposeAsync` method as the application is shutting down will ensure that network resources and other unmanaged objects are properly cleaned up.

## Buffering versus explicit batching

> The main consideration for choosing a buffered or non-buffered producer is determinism.  When publishing with the `EventHubProducerClient`, each request to publish is an independent operation; when the call completes, your application knows whether the events were successfully published or an exception was encountered.  This requires your application to be responsible for managing the publishing flow, controlling how batches of events are built and when they are published.  For many applications, ensuring efficient publishing can introduce a non-trivial amount of complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main consideration for choosing a buffered or non-buffered producer is determinism.  When publishing with the `EventHubProducerClient`, each request to publish is an independent operation; when the call completes, your application knows whether the events were successfully published or an exception was encountered.  This requires your application to be responsible for managing the publishing flow, controlling how batches of events are built, and when they are published.  For many applications, ensuring efficient publishing can introduce a non-trivial amount of complexity.
```

## Event lifetime

When events are published, they will continue to exist in the Event Hub and be available for consuming until they reach an age where they are older than the [retention period](https://docs.microsoft.com//azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-faq#what-is-the-maximum-retention-period-for-events).  After that point in time, the Event Hubs service may chose to remove them from the partition.  Once removed, an event is no longer available to be read and cannot be recovered.  Though the Event Hubs service is free to remove events older than the retention period, it does not do so deterministically; there is no guarantee of when events will be removed.

## Publishing size constraints

> There is a limit to the size (in bytes) that can be published in a single operation.  To accurately determine the size of an event, it must be measured in the format used by the active protocol and account for overhead.  The size limit is controlled by the Event Hubs service and differs for different types of Event Hub instances.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a limit to the size (in bytes) that can be published in a single operation.  To accurately determine the size of an event, it must be measured in the format used by the active protocol in order to properly account for overhead.  The size limit is controlled by the Event Hubs service and differs for different types of Event Hub instances.  
```

When using the `EventHubProducerClient`, each batch must choose the partition assignment strategy at the time it is created, and that strategy is applied to all events in the batch.   The `EventHubBufferedProducerClient` allows the partition assignment strategy to be chosen for each individual event that is enqueued, and the producer will ensure that batches are constructed with the proper strategy.

## Publishing events with automatic partition assignment

Allowing automatic assignment to partitions is recommended when publishing needs to be highly available and shouldn't fail if a single partition is experiencing trouble.  Automatic assignment also helps to ensure that event data is evenly distributed among all available partitions, which helps to ensure throughput when publishing and reading data.

### Event Hub Buffered Producer Client

> When using the `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`, events enqueued with no options specified will be automatically routed.  Because the producer manages publishing, there is no explicit call.  When the producer is closed, it will ensure that any remaining enqueued events have been published.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`, events enqueued with no options specified will be automatically routed.  Because the producer manages publishing, there is no explicit call.  When the producer is closed, it will ensure that any remaining enqueued events have been published.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, though there may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.
```

```C# Snippet:EventHubs_Sample04_AutomaticRoutingBuffered
var connectionString = "<< CONNECTION STRING FOR THE EVENT HUBS NAMESPACE >>";
var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";

var producer = new EventHubBufferedProducerClient(connectionString, eventHubName);

// The failure handler is required and invoked after all allowable
// retries were applied.

producer.SendEventBatchFailedAsync += args =>
{
    Debug.WriteLine($"Publishing failed for { args.EventBatch.Count } events.  Error: '{ args.Exception.Message }'");
    return Task.CompletedTask;
};

// The success handler is optional.

producer.SendEventBatchSucceededAsync += args =>
{
   Debug.WriteLine($"{ args.EventBatch.Count } events were published to partition: '{ args.PartitionId }.");
   return Task.CompletedTask;
};

try
{
    for (var index = 0; index < 5; ++index)
    {
        var eventData = new EventData($"Event #{ index }");
        await producer.EnqueueEventAsync(eventData);
    }
}
finally
{
    // Closing the producer will flush any
    // enqueued events that have not been published.

    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

### Event Hub Producer Client

> When using the `EventHubProducerClient` a batch is first created and then published.  The `SendAsync` call will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as no exception is thrown, your application can consider publishing successful.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `EventHubProducerClient` a batch is first created and then published.  The `SendAsync` call will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as no exception is thrown, your application can consider publishing successful.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, though there may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.
```

Author: God... this one is just embarassing.

Reviewer: 😄 
![](https://media2.giphy.com/media/3orieKDJIFnmUIIY6Y/giphy.gif)

                
There is no means of predicting which partition will be associated with a given partition key; we can only be assured that it will be a consistent choice of partition.  If you have a need to understand which exact partition an event is published to, you will need to specify the partition directly rather than using a partition key.

### Event Hub Buffered Producer Client

> When using the `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`, events are enqueued with a partition key option.  Because the producer manages publishing, there is no explicit call.  When the producer is closed, it will ensure that any remaining enqueued events have been published.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `EventHubBufferedProducerClient`, events are enqueued with a partition key option.  Because the producer manages publishing, there is no explicit call.  When the producer is closed, it will ensure that any remaining enqueued events have been published.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, though there may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.
```

var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";

var producer = new EventHubBufferedProducerClient(connectionString, eventHubName);

// The failure handler is required and invoked after all allowable
// retries were applied.

producer.SendEventBatchFailedAsync += args =>
{
    Debug.WriteLine($"Publishing failed for { args.EventBatch.Count } events.  Error: '{ args.Exception.Message }'");
    return Task.CompletedTask;
};

// The success handler is optional.

producer.SendEventBatchSucceededAsync += args =>
{
   Debug.WriteLine($"{ args.EventBatch.Count } events were published to partition: '{ args.PartitionId }.");
   return Task.CompletedTask;
};

try
{
    var enqueueOptions = new EnqueueEventOptions
    {
        PartitionKey = "Any Value Will Do..."
    };

    for (var index = 0; index < 5; ++index)
    {
        var eventData = new EventData($"Event #{ index }");
        await producer.EnqueueEventAsync(eventData, enqueueOptions);
    }
}
finally
{
    // Closing the producer will flush any
    // enqueued events that have not been published.

    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

### Event Hub Producer Client

> When using the `EventHubProducerClient` a batch is first created with a partition key option and then published.  The `SendAsync` call will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as no exception is thrown, your application can consider publishing successful.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `EventHubProducerClient` a batch is first created with a partition key option and then published.  The `SendAsync` call will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as no exception is thrown, your application can consider publishing successful.  All of your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, though there may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.
```

Reviewer: There are a few more of these that I didn't comment

- **MaximumConcurrentSends**: The number of concurrent `SendAsync` calls that the producer will make.  Each call is a network request that publishes a single batch.  A higher degree of concurrency can improve throughput for applications that use an Event Hub with a large number of partitions.  Because the producer is highly asynchronous and is running background tasks, we recommend being careful when selecting a value to avoid creating contention in the thread pool.  Testing under normal load is essential.  The default concurrency is equal to the number of cores in the host environment.

- **MaximumConcurrentSendsPerPartition**: The number of concurrent `SendAsync` calls that can be active for a given partition.  To maintain the order of events, there should be only a single active send per partition.  For applications where preserving the ordering of events is not needed, increasing this value may improve throughput.  It is important to note that the _MaximumConcurrentSends_ setting is the dominant constraint and will not be exceeded by this setting.  The default concurrency is 1 send per partition.

> - **MaximumEventBufferLengthPerPartition**: The maximum number of events that can be buffered for each individual partition.  This is intended to ensure that your application does not run out of memory if buffering happens more frequently than events can be published.  When this limit is reached, your application can continue to call `EnqueueEventAsync` or `EnqueueEventsAsync` without an error; the call will block until space is available.  For applications that publish a high number of smaller-sized events, increasing this limit may help to improve throughput.  For scenarios where the application is buffering large events and needs to control memory use, lowering this limit may be helpful.  The default buffer length is 1,500 events per partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MaximumEventBufferLengthPerPartition**: The maximum number of events that can be buffered for each individual partition.  This is intended to ensure that your application does not run out of memory if buffering happens more frequently than events can be published.  When this limit is reached, your application can continue to call `EnqueueEventAsync` or `EnqueueEventsAsync` without an error; the call will block until space is available.  For applications that publish a high number of smaller-sized events, increasing this limit may help to improve throughput.  For scenarios where the application is buffering large events and needs to control memory use, lowering this limit may be helpful.  The default buffer length is 1500 events per partition.
```
